what's going on guys it's him and I have
it three years on youtube and i am
fucking famous is shitting not know
people in high places no one hundred
percent i I don't feel like a famous
person and you know I am humbled by the
guy you guys that tweet me and you know
the fan free counts and stuff I get it
it's really humbling to me honestly you
know playing with some of you guys can
get fairly annoying sometimes but you
know for the most part I enjoy it and
you know embrace and I realized that
that's what i do youtube for is you guys
I I wanted to quit YouTube five times I
made it three years I keep plugging
along and I haven't been taken youtube
serious for the full three years I'd be
lucky if I'd be lucky if I've been
taking a serious for like two weeks now
I mean there was a point in time where a
lot of you guys have been subscribing
for a long time know that i'd upload
once a week and if that you know so I'm
barely starting to take it we know
serious is this what I want to do and I
know what all you guys part I really owe
all of it it to you guys and you're my
motivation to keep going you know the
feedback on the videos like this one
like it do what you won't do what you
want
yeah I'm still learning I mean this is
still a huge learning process after
three years you don't learn everything
I'm still a noob at YouTube like there's
things I learned all the time that I was
like wow why did I think of that that's
that's crazy we got a Supply Drop what
did we get well shit if anyone's gonna
be on ebay I'm gonna be so on this yard
sale item on ebay if you're on there
just gonna know them but yeah sometimes
I get you guys tweet me and you know you
say you start YouTube channels on I
tried I try to apply it a lot of your
guys's tweets if you don't follow me on
Twitter make sure you guys will follow
me on Twitter it's the only way to get
all the hit and latest hammer label ding
dong news but just to go do it you know
a Twitter make a twitter I mean come on
though no one uses facebook anymore just
gonna make a twitter follow me on it you
guys do a tweet me a line you guys seem
like you get frustrated with yourselves
and this is going to be one of those
inspirational hand moments eat meeting
you guys you know not everyone everyone
the subscribe to me is trying to do
YouTube but there's a handful of you
guys and you guys seem to get frustrated
with yourselves oh I don't do you to
know more because it wasn't working at
all or was it I mean you gotta realize
you got to do it because it's fun I
wouldn't have kept going and going and
going if it wasn't fun I do this because
it's fun your guys's feedback and likes
on the videos that means like the video
this one we're watching right now drop a
like do it you want all the feedback on
the videos the comments and you know
it's very humbling to me when I see all
this feedback and that's what keeps me
going that's what key money that comes
in that I mean that's a plus and it's
awesome and yeah I get to you know have
a little bit better of a living
situation i get to ultimately work
towards doing this full time and that's
what I'm working towards like it I don't
want you guys to get frustrated or
something if you're going to start doing
YouTube you got to start juking
motherfucker coming around this backside
cabal move again you got to start juking
people I'm just kidding you got to start
like doing it you're gonna do it for fun
guys I mean you can't upload a video and
think you're getting a million views
100,000 subs on one video it takes a lot
of time I've been doing it for three
years and I mean I've learned so much
and i'm still learning i am no where as
far as a veteran youtuber i have so much
more to learn like like this for example
you guys have told me you love these
types of videos from me with facecam
storytime stuff and i literally don't do
them so i needed like axe
listen to your guys's feedback one
hundred percent so I'm still learning a
lot of things I just know what you guys
get frustrated with yourself that's all
I'm saying but I just want to say thanks
for a really awesome three years on
YouTube I'm gonna sneak up behind this
guy right here slippity slide slippity
slide what it in the butt cheek said I
missed I missed okay if you're gonna
start YouTube do it do YouTube because
you want to do YouTube don't do it
because you see PewDiePie making
trillions of dollars do it because you
are you enjoying it and that's what will
make it fun and you'll enjoy yourself
thanks for keeping me going then let's
let's hope for another three years on
YouTube maybe we can hit that million
mark who knows but if you guys did enjoy
make sure you drop a like I will be a
cog champs I will be back till Tuesday
I'm gonna rap battle what my week is
gonna be like so I'm gonna go this way
in that way and this way and that way
and then we'll be back on Tuesday and
will be live streaming back to regular
daily uploads of funny shit with I
normally do and thanks guys